what I was walking into,
If I'd known
I never would have gone.
It was your idea
to attend the conference
in the first
place, Garak.
I thought the Bajorans
would be grateful
to hear someone
provide them
philosophical view.
with an opposing
Opposing view?
Garak, you were trying
occupation of their world.
to defend the military
How grateful did you think
they would be?
of this conference was
My understanding
an examination of the occupation
that it was supposed to be
historical perspective.
from a dispassionate,
Instead, everyone went
out of their way
to dismiss virtually everything
I had to say.
I thought the Bajorans
bent over backwards
to be polite to you, Garak.
Giving me a name tag that read
Former Cardassian Oppressor"
"Elim Garak--
was hardly polite.
And what did you want it to say?
"Former Spy"?
What I would have liked
was less posturing
and more debate.
It's clear to me now
that the Bajorans
aren't really interested
in discovering
historical truth
as much as they are in promoting
of the "glorious resistance."
the myths and legends
Well, Odo wasn't a member
of the resistance,
and he managed to attract
a fair amount
of attention.
Yes.
quite a fan club on Bajor.
It seems you have
I half-expected you
to be signing
autographs at the end.
Don't let him get to you, Odo.
You should be proud
of what you did
during the occupation.
I've nothing to be proud of.
to a chaotic situation.
I tried to bring order
That's all.
You need to give yourself
more credit, Constable.
during the occupation
Keeping order
would be a tough job for anyone,
but you not only did it,
you did it by earning
the trust of both sides.
DAX:
What was it
the moderator said?
That "you may have worked
for the Cardassians,
but your only master...
was justice."
And a legend is born.
Sir? Captain Sisko's runabout
is approaching the station.
Very well.
Clear them for docking
on Landing Pad 1.
Aye, sir.
Commander,
something's wrong.
They're not responding--
and sensors show
unusual EM signatures
along their hull.
The runabout's
on autopilot.
Life signs?
Four.
Very weak.
Disengage the autopilot.
to within transporter range.
Bring the runabout
to Transporter Room 5.
Doctor Bashir
Medical emergency.
Check the aft compartment.
WORF:
an excess of neural energy
He's alive, but there's
in his cerebral cortex.
What does that mean?
I'm not sure of that.
Can you revive them?
I'm not sure
of that, either.
( low hum of machinery )
( murmur of voices )
return to your quarters.
MALE ( over PA ):
All prisoners
( sighs )
Show some dignity.
Look at you.
No wonder the Cardassians
think we're animals.
Get up.
Get up!
If you're going to spend
the night taking chemicals,
stay off the Promenade.
We don't need
another cleansing today.
What happened?
Not here.
I couldn't agree more.
All bio-organic material
MALE ( over PA ):
according to regulations.
must be disposed of
( tricorder beeping )
There's a high level
of neural activity,
that their conscious minds
which suggests
are still active,
and yet, there's no response
to external stimuli.
What's the word on the runabout?
preliminary indications
We have found
that the ship encountered
a class-2 plasma storm,
which irradiated the vessel.
are the neural readings
Computer,
for subjects Odo, Sisko,
Dax, and Garak
consistent with the effects
a class-2 plasma storm?
of encountering
There are no recorded
COMPUTER:
between plasma storms
causal relationships
and specified neural readings.
BASHIR: None.
medical records are there
Computer, how many
on space plasma phenomena?
Five thousand twenty-one.
COMPUTER:
Well, it would appear
that a common phenomena
has had an uncommon
effect on our people.
Well, the runabout
is still being analyzed.
We should have
more information soon.
Good. In the meantime,
I have some reading to do.
This is Terok Nor--
DS9 during
the occupation.
Time travel?
Uh, no, it's
more than that.
Our clothes
have changed.
Could we be
in a holosuite?
Computer, end program.
Let's assume that's
a "no" for the moment.
Benjamin, we're not
attracting any attention.
And we should be.
Humans, Trills, and changelings
didn't just stroll
through Terok Nor unnoticed.
Well, then I should be getting
some attention as well.
in the Bajoran sector,
We are
and Cardassians
weren't exactly welcome here.
I don't think they see you
as a Cardassian.
they don't see any of us
I'm beginning to think
as who we really are.
The clothes we're wearing
are Bajoran.
They're treating us
like Bajorans.
Maybe they see us as Bajorans.
Any theories, old man?
of cross-dimensional transfer?
Some kind
Our conscious minds
might have been moved
through time and space
of four Bajorans on Terok Nor.
into the bodies
But then why are we still
seeing each other
instead of as Bajorans?
as we really are,
I just ran out of speculation.
The last thing I remember
was sitting in the runabout.
There was a plasma anomaly
on the sensors,
and then there was this sound.
No, not a sound.
More like
a strong vibration.
Hmm. I remember.
Odo?
I don't recall.
we have to leave this place--
But whatever's happened,
get off the station.
directly to the authorities
Then I suggest we go
and explain
our situation.
Garak.
I have knowledge
of certain... security codes
that would be sufficient
to prove that I am,
in fact, a Cardassian, even
if their eyes say otherwise.
I could always say that I'm
an undercover operative
posing as a Bajoran--
Captain, the authorities
on Terok Nor
for reasons to help us.
will not be looking
for a reason to interrogate us,
They will be looking
and believe me, you do not want
by the Cardassians.
to be interrogated
with the Constable.
I tend to agree
If they should discover
that we are actually
from the future...
on the second level.
Gul Dukat's
Let's move on.
( gasps )
SISKO:
Odo?
( gasps )
Who was that?
I don't know.
Well, you should.
It was your predecessor.
My predecessor?!
Oh... yes.
The man talking to Dukat.
His name is Thrax.
He was in charge of security
on the Promenade before me.
That means
we've gone back
at least
nine years.
You.
Come with us.
What's she done?!
Nothing... yet.
Perhaps there's been
some misunderstanding.
If I may be so bold,
you may find something
which will
bring you infinitely
more profit
than the arrest
of a Bajoran woman.
Latinum?
Two strips.
Where is it?
Ah, but our friend is
still in your custody.
Don't move!
( groaning )
Tempting offer.
Maybe next time.
This one's been selected.
I'll be all right.
Ooh.
Doctor.
Garak's septial capillaries
burst at this point.
The pattern
of his delta waves
show some unusual activity
at the same moment.
The bleeding
might be the result
of some kind
of psychosomatic response.
You mean, he thought
he was injured.
Well, under
certain conditions,
people have been known
to alter their blood pressure,
lower their
body temperature--
even manifest a tumor
as a result
of psychological stimuli.
cause more serious injuries?
Could these stimuli
spontaneously break a bone,
I don't think he could
but he could certainly
stop his heart
or break a key blood vessel
in his brain.
But what is causing all of this?
At the risk
of repeating myself,
I just don't know.
Step back from the gate.
He said,
"She's been selected."
What the hell does that mean?
Random interrogation,
forced labor relocation--
it could be anything.
That's not good enough.
where they've taken her.
I want to know
But before we can
help Commander Dax,
we need to find out who
we are in this reality.
to a computer terminal,
If we could get
for a simple ID scan.
we could ask
Computer access was extremely
limited on Terok Nor.
What about
a Cardassian comp-link?
Ha.
I took the liberty
of borrowing this
from the gentlemen
who thought my nose
needed adjustment.
to add the word "pickpocket"
I see I'm going to have
to your resume.
It's only a hobby.
Interesting
that a simple tailor
should just happen
a high-level security code.
to have
Yes, isn't it?
And if my nose
didn't hurt so much,
I'd tell you
a fascinating story
about how I came
to possess it.
Ah, yes.
Captain, you are actually
a Bajoran electronics engineer.
You're 38 years old,
you have no criminal record,
your family resides
in Rakantha Province,
and your name is Ishan Chaye.
Hmm. Lucky me.
I'm an artist.
I'm 55,
I've been arrested
three times
for disturbing the peace--
I must be incorrigible.
I also reside in Rakantha,
and my name is
Jillur Gueta.
And the Constable?
Ah, yes.
His profession is...
I'm a
bookkeeper.
46 years old.
I have a wife
and two sons
in Rakantha Province,
and my name is Timor Landi.
That's right.
How'd you know that?
Odo?
Congratulations, gentlemen.
QUARK:
You get to work today...
in the finest establishment
and you'll be laboring
on the station...
my establishment.
12 hours of work,
two five-minute
one slip of latinum each.
breaks--
Let's go.
Didn't you hear me?
I'm offering you work.
What are you waiting for?
N-nothing.
Just show us the way.
Open it.
Start by stepping
through the gate
that the nice man
has opened for you.
Very good.
You three must be
warp engineers.
Now, we're going
to walk down the Promenade
to the bar.
Would you like me
to hold your hands,
or can you manage it?
We'll manage.
I'm so glad.
How much damage would it do
to the timeline
if Quark were to suffer
a mysterious... accident?
I'm not sure,
but maybe
we should conduct
a little experiment
and find out.
Name?
Leeta.
Look at me when I speak
to you, Leeta.
She'll do.
Kanar.
For two.
( sighs )
Have you ever had kanar?
No.
Well, then this is an occasion.
You're trembling.
( sighs )
Despite what you
may have heard,
I'm a fair man, Leeta.
Rest assured
you have nothing to fear
from me.
I did not bring you here
to be abused.
Then why am I here?
It may surprise you
to hear this,
but my position is a lonely one.
I'm isolated from the people
who live under my protection.
I require someone...
to talk with.
In short...
a friend.
You want me to be your friend?
Ironic, isn't it?
a simple Bajoran girl
That I should choose
my inner thoughts with.
to share
But as you get to know me,
Leeta...
I think you'll find
that I'm a...
complicated man.
You're different
than I imagined.
To the beginning
of your education.
( clinking glasses )
we were such messy conquerors.
I never knew
I remember the occupation
being a little more tidy
than this.
Everything is tidy
is doing the cleaning.
when someone else
The Bajorans
were much more suited
for this sort of thing
than we were.
Servile work is in their nature.
to Major Kira when we get back.
I'll remember to mention that
There are exceptions
to every rule.
( tray rattling )
You all right?
The smell is making me sick.
Oh.
How did you know
your name would be Timor Landi
in this...
this whatever this is.
I recognized the other two names
kept during the occupation.
from the security files
were the names of three Bajorans
Timor, Ishan, and Jillur
who were accused of attempting
to assassinate
Gul Dukat
on the Promenade.
Half the resistance
tried to kill Dukat.
These three were innocent.
However, no one knew that
at the time,
to make an example of them.
and Dukat wanted
So he had them led
out onto the Promenade
and publicly... executed.
If we're them...
we better find a way out of here
If we're them,
before Dukat makes an example
out of us.
Quark,
I understand
you had a visit
from a Talavian freighter
captain this morning--
a Captain Livara,
I believe.
I had a lot of visitors
this morning.
It was a busy day.
I'm surprised
you're being so indiscreet.
is a known smuggler.
Captain Livara
You don't say?
Such a nice, friendly man, too.
I guess you never can tell
what some people
are really like.
the Obsidian Order has had him
Rumor has it that
under surveillance
for several months.
The Obsidian Order?
that they're bringing in
Rumor also has it
coconspirators for...
all of Livara's
questioning.
Well, you know how rumors are.
They're usually true.
Yes.
So, when the Order
asks me for a list
of all of Livara's
known associates
on board the station...
He was here
for ten minutes.
He wanted
to unload a shipment
of maraji crystals,
but I wasn't interested.
( scoffs )
I can't move
maraji crystals.
The Cardassians don't like them,
and the Bajorans
can't afford them,
so I sent him
on his way.
All right?
And that's all?
That's all.
I hope so...
because if I find out
that you've been dealing
in illegal crystals,
to the Order myself.
I'll hand you over
Always a pleasure.
I see you're not
the first man around here
to keep Quark
on his toes.
Yes.
Something's wrong.
Thrax talked about
a Captain Livara.
Does that name
mean something to you?
Livara wasn't just
another smuggler.
He was a Romulan spy
working in this sector
and didn't begin
until seven years ago,
Thrax wasn't on Terok Nor.
but seven years ago,
You were, Odo.
An odd contradiction.
So I checked the date.
This is seven years ago.
Thrax shouldn't be here.
the Security Chief.
You should be
makes any sense, Garak.
None of this
Now, I suggest we concentrate
on finding a way out of here.
That's our priority.
I tend to agree.
no argument from me...
Well, you'll get
but how?
the Bajoran resistance.
We need to contact
to get us off the station.
They might be able
Maybe even to the Federation.
about a prearranged signal
Kira once told me
the resistance used on Terok Nor
to set up a meeting.
Once we're finished here,
we'll head back
to the Bajoran sector,
and I'll make the signal.
Ah.
All recreation passes
MALE ( on PA ):
are suspended
for Alpha unit personnel
until further notice.
The Bajorans never did
have a sense of style.
Turn the vase over
and the resistance
appears.
It's simple and effective.
And they did it
for years
right under
the Cardassians' noses.
Not under my nose, Captain.
Under his.
At least Dax is all right.
Look at him.
The Commander of Terok Nor.
( scoffs ):
Just another swaggering,
self-important Gul
with too much vanity
and not enough ability.
Maybe, but he's no fool.
Uh!
( gasping )
Are you all right?
Yes.
Just slipped out of my hand.
You wanted a meeting?
Don't look at me.
Eat your soup.
I didn't think you would come
while Dukat was here.
Everyone's watching
our gentle dictator
stroll the Promenade
with his new girlfriend.
Now, I hate soup,
and I have no intention
of finishing this entire bowl,
so whatever you want,
let's hear it.
We need to get off the station.
Why?
Does it matter?
Yes, as a matter of fact,
it does.
We're not a commuter service.
If you're running from a dispute
or women or smuggling,
over chemicals
you're on your own.
one of the spoon heads...
If you've killed
Garak!
Spoon heads?!
That's a different matter.
We're not who we seem to be.
I hope not, because you seem
to be wasting my time.
Let's just say we're involved
with the Federation.
Let me guess.
You're Starfleet agents
operating undercover
posing as indigent Bajorans
who happen to be...
( explosion )
( alarm blares )
Dax!
No, no!
Captain! No!
Secure all exits on 4-Alpha.
PA:
Captain, w-we
can't stay here.
They'll take
care of her...
You two, halt!
CARDASSIAN:
But we must go!
Grab him!
Don't move!
( people clamoring, pounding)
You'd think they'd put us
in our own cell block
instead of with
the common criminals.
After all, we are
accused of attempting
to assassinate the
Station Commander.
That deserves
some respect.
when they execute us.
Maybe they'll salute
( clamor intensifies )
Quiet down.
Quiet, please.
Quiet.
Quiet, please!
( shouting stops )
Kara Polus...
Brin Tusk...
and Marat Kobar...
is five years hard labor.
your sentence
Trial to confirm
this sentence
will be held
at 1700 hours.
Benten Vek.
Your fine has been paid,
and you'll be free to go
within the hour.
Lobo, Horis, Romara,
Pelin, and Gramm.
You are being transferred
to Cardassian authorities
on Bajor for interrogation.
No, no please...
Timor, Ishan, Jillur.
You came aboard this station
two days ago
from the Rakantha Province.
Yesterday, you paid a visit
to the chemist's shop
and then fell asleep
on the Promenade.
Last night, you were hired
as a cleanup crew
by the Ferengi.
And after you were paid,
to the Bajoran sector
you went back
and attempted to murder
Gul Dukat
with a chambered plasma grenade.
We were sitting
at a table eating
when the grenade went off.
There were witnesses.
None of which have come forth.
Why would the witnesses
risk their lives
for three strangers?
They're out there,
but you have to go
look for them.
THRAX:
Epidermal scans
of trinitrogen chloride
revealed the presence
on your hands and clothing.
TNC is one of the components
in plasma grenades.
TNC is also
a cleaning solution,
which is what we were
using in Quark's.
Or you used
the opportunity
of working at Quark's
in the first place.
to obtain the TNC
You all have ties
to the Bajoran underground.
You have three cousins
who are known members
of the resistance.
are suspected sympathizers.
Five of your friends
ODO:
After 50 years
of occupation,
is there anyone
left on Bajor
who doesn't have some tie
to the resistance?
Quiet!
( clamor ceases briefly )
That may be true,
rushing toward Dukat
but you were seen
after the explosion.
Everyone else was running away.
I wanted to help my friend.
She was injured
in the blast.
The report of the Cardassian
guards states
over the body of Gul Dukat
that you were found
attempting to strangle him.
That's a lie.
the troops yourself.
Interrogate
Don't just take their report
at face value.
I don't interrogate members
of the Cardassian military.
Then run a ballistic analysis
of the explosion.
If you examine the fragmentation
dispersal pattern,
you'll find that we couldn't
have thrown the grenade
from our position at the table.
It had to have
come from...
Quiet!
Quiet down!
There is sufficient evidence
for a conviction.
All of which is circumstantial.
Go beneath the surface.
Conduct a real investigation.
This investigation is over.
Your case
is going before
a special tribunal
this afternoon.
You will be informed
of the sentence
just before it meets.
I need to talk to you!
No! Wait!
Let me talk to you alone
for just a moment!
Please! Listen to me!
That's enough.
How do you feel?
Better than the last time.
Last time?
This is the fourth
assassination attempt
I've survived.
Maybe you should find
another job.
( laughing )
Maybe I should.
I'm glad to see you
have your appetite back.
I don't get to eat
like this very often.
I've wanted
to increase rations
in the Bajoran sector
for some time now.
But the resistance
makes it almost impossible
to show any sort of
kindness to your people.
You really want to help
my people, don't you?
Yes, of course.
The Bajorans are...
well, they're like
my children, I suppose,
and like any father,
I want only what's
best for them.
And you still feel that way now
after some of your children
have tried to kill you?
Bad manners are the
fault of the parent,
not the child.
My weakness is I'm too...
generous...
too forgiving.
My heart is too big.
( groans )
And so is your ego.
"Yes, I know I don't
look Cardassian.
"You see, I was
surgically altered
to appear Bajoran."
But what if genetic scans
show no Cardassian DNA
in my cellular structure?
In that case,
I'll suggest--
Tell me about Thrax.
What do you want to know?
Something about his background.
He seems unusual.
that casual brutality
Doesn't have
I've come to expect
security officers.
from Cardassian
What makes Thrax different?
I wouldn't know.
I came aboard the station.
He was gone by the time
Which brings up a good point.
Why is he here now?
Garak said that you
were the Security Chief
during this time.
You're implying that I
should know the answers--
that I'm holding
back information?
I'm saying that maybe you know
more than you think you do.
You lived here, on Terok Nor.
You're supposed to be out there
now instead of Thrax.
Think, Odo.
There might be some connection
between you and what's
happening here.
I don't know.
( high-pitched squeal )
Miss me?
DAX:
Dukat's personal shuttle
is in Docking Bay 3.
What about the station
defense system?
I've got the computer
tied up in knots.
I don't think
they'll be able--
Halt!
( groans )
( grunting )
A changeling?
GARAK:
We'll figure that out later.
Here it is.
We just got the word.
been scheduled for 1900.
Your execution's
That's two hours from now.
another way out of here.
We've got to find
We tried that.
Escape doesn't seem
to be the answer.
How could Thrax
be a changeling?
In this time period,
the Founders didn't know
about the wormhole.
I don't know.
GARAK:
Well, putting aside
the newest
shape-shifter in town
for the time being,
how did we end up
back in this cell?
I don't know.
Care to guess?
What makes you think
I have the answer?
You've been
acting strangely
ever since we first woke up
on the Promenade.
Continually distracted,
depressed, and agitated.
And you knew
the names
of the people we're
supposed to be.
You knew the details
of the case
like you were there.
But you couldn't
have been there
because it happened
before you came
aboard the station.
Everything seems
to lead back to you,
and I want
to know why.
THRAX:
You said you wanted
to see me?
Yes. It's urgent.
but I don't have much time.
I'm listening,
You are about to make
a very serious mistake.
Because you're innocent,
of course.
All of you.
That's right,
and I can prove it.
Compare this attack to
recent bombings on Bajor.
You'll find a similarity
to four incidents
in Musilla Province,
we could have done.
none of which
This proves nothing.
And under Cardassian law,
must prove his innocence.
the accused
Since the evidence in this case
is sufficient
to warrant conviction,
the investigation is over.
Your job is to find the truth,
not obtain convictions.
Truth.
You want the truth?
All right, the truth is
would be accused--
that none of you
none of you would even be here--
if the Bajorans weren't fighting
the Cardassians.
It's futile.
The occupation
has lasted for 50 years,
and it will probably last
another 50.
I wouldn't be too
sure about that.
Why not just accept it?!
If the Bajoran people would
accept their place in history,
none of this would be happening.
the attempt on Gul Dukat's life,
We are talking about
ramifications of the resistance.
not the socio-political
of the same problem!
It's all part
to terrorism and violence,
When your people resort
they're fighting against order,
against stability,
against the rule of law--
and this must be stopped.
There is more to life
than the rule of law.
It has been my observation
make that kind of statement.
that only the guilty
( groaning )
I didn't want to tell you this--
I don't know what
the consequences will be--
but we are not terrorists.
We're not even Bajorans.
displacement of some kind.
There's been a temporal
We don't belong in this time.
We're from the future.
I know.
You know?
Then what are you going
to do about it?
What I am supposed to do.
Nothing more, nothing less.
The question is:
What are you going to do...
Odo?
( gasps )
THRAX:
It's too late for them now.
It's out of my hands.
Why aren't I with them?
There were only
three terrorists, Odo.
You know that.
This is the price
for taking up arms
against those who
would protect you...
who have only your best
interests at heart.
They haven't done anything.
They don't belong here.
It's already
happened, Odo.
But this isn't what happened.
It wasn't these people.
Proceed
with the execution.
ODO:
No.
I'm not going to let this
happen again.
Not again!
( grunting )
You can't execute them.
You don't even belong here.
I do.
( disrupter firing )
Constable?
That's exactly how it happened
seven years ago.
It was you all along.
Yes.
I was Chief of Security
on the Promenade.
who charged those men
I was the one
they didn't commit,
with a crime
and I was the one
who turned them over
to Dukat.
Three days after the executions,
there was another bombing
on the Promenade
that almost killed Dukat.
identical to the one
Timor, Ishan, and Jillur
were innocent.
All the evidence
was there--
the inconsistencies
in the reports
who arrested them,
of the soldiers
a pattern of bombings,
the ballistics--
from the beginning.
it was all there
But I was too busy,
with maintaining order
too concerned
and the rule of law.
I thought of myself
as the outsider,
the shape-shifter
who cared for nothing
but justice.
It never occurred
to me that I
could fail, but I did,
and I never wanted anyone
to know the truth--
that seven years ago,
I allowed three innocent men
to die.
( ragged breathing )
Constable?
BASHIR:
( gasps )
Whatever it is
you've been through
has taken its toll.
Far as I can tell,
the four of you were locked
into some version
of the Great Link.
The Link?
How is that possible?
I'm a solid now.
Well, it seems you're not
as solid as you think.
When I ran a neurochemical
scan of your brain,
I found residual traces
of morphogenic enzymes,
which I've only detected before
in changelings.
When the plasma storm
hit the runabout,
it activated the enzymes
and initiated
a telepathic response.
Your mind reached out
to find other changelings
to form the Link,
but all it could find
were Sisko, Dax, and Garak.
And just before the accident,
about the executions.
I was thinking
must've forced me to relive it
Somehow, being in the Link
and admit the truth
about what I'd done.
a fascinating paper.
It would make
I don't intend to write one.
Although,
If you have
any questions,
uh, you know where to find me.
( sighing )
When I first read your report...
I didn't know what to think.
"That's all right, Nerys.
So I said to myself,
"You're stunned.
You need to let it
sink in a little."
But it's been two days, Odo.
I still don't know
what to think.
I'm guilty.
What more is there to say?
Maybe nothing.
Maybe a lot.
I believed in you.
A lot of people did.
You were special.
You were the one man
from everyone else...
who stood apart
the one man who stood
for justice.
Now what?
Now I'm...
just another...
imperfect solid.
Okay.
The Prophets know
I'm not perfect.
I guess the truth is
that anyone who lived through
the occupation
had to get a little dirty.
But I need to know
that no other innocent people
died on your watch, Odo.
That this was the only time.
I'm not sure.
I hope so.